Hi friends, today we are going to talk
about two big names. If you
take a policy at hdfcergo.com, then get a free consultation with us. The
link is in the description. Let's take a
look at
hdfcfund.com. Out of 100 claims, 98 are settled.
So let's take a look at ICICI Lombard's
CSR. Its CSR is 85. Here,
85 out of 100 claims are settled. Clearly,
hdfcergo.com has a
network of 7500 plus hospitals and ICICI
Lombard has 7500 plus hospitals.
Talking about experience, both have a
very solid track record.
Domiciliary
and only 3 years.
Talking about restoration benefits, this is also available. These
basics are sorted, but
what about the unique features of both the companies? Now let's take a
look at the unique features of ICICI Elevate.
Surrogate and Other Side Coverage. Coverage of up to Rs 5
lakh is provided for the surrogate mother and
other side donor. ICICI is a game
changer here because  Fertility treatments are
quite expensive these days. Second
is the Jump Start feature. If you have
pre-existing conditions like asthma, diabetes, hypertension, or obesity, you get a maximum
waiting period of Rs 1 lakh. You also get a flexible waiting period of
one or two years, which is
quite good for family planning. Fourth, you
get the option of extended coverage, which means
you will be covered no matter how big the bills are. III.
Elevate has more than 20 add-ons, yes,
more than 20 add-ons, with which you
can customize your plan very effectively,
such as PD waiting period reduction. You
can reduce waiting periods from 36 months to 12 or 24 months. You can also get Claim
Protector. Out-of-pocket expenses like
gloves, PP kits are all covered.
Power Booster also offers 100% bonus.
Now let's take a look at these
features. The first unique feature is
Secure Benefit. Your coverage gets doubled on Day 1 of the policy.
For example,
your policy is worth Rs 10 lakh.  If you have an insurance policy, it becomes worth Rs 20 lakh
without any conditions. Plus
Benefit: A bonus of Rs 50 is added to your coverage every year,
whether you claim or not. It
increases to 100% after two years. Triple
Multiplier Benefit: After two renewals,
your coverage increases 3x. This is
combined with Secure and Plus benefits,
which provides massive protection. Fourth is
Unlimited Restoration: Your
sum insured is restored multiple times, that too
at a nominal cost. See, no plan is
perfect. Now let's take a look at
some of the drawbacks of the Elite plan. Its
CSR is 85, which means there is a higher chance
of claim rejection. The second drawback is room
rent restriction, which means if you choose a
more fancy room than a single private room,
you will have to pay a part of the bill.
Next is the bonus structure. You
get only Rs 20 bonus, which is
very less when compared to the market standard of Rs 50. Now let's
come to
hdfcfund.com. Want Secure?  But there
is no add-on in this by which you
can reduce the PD waiting period, so now you will
ask Shashank, you have told me so much, then
tell me the premium also, let us see
how much this plan will cost you, first
individual for a 30 year old for 10 lakh
cover
hdfcfund.com 19944 and IC LRD
1167 and if a family wants to take this plan
then
ask at hdfcfund.com and if you found this video helpful
then do not forget to subscribe, happy
insurance hunting friends